They get out of our house together, big and small
Mom
Xiao Chen has been staying at our house for the time being
He had nowhere else to go.
Qixue, you actually helped play this, oops
Put it here for 8 years
Is this how your family lives?
And now you're bringing him back?
Do you want him to continue to harm our family?
Is it really my dad?
He's not yours.
He doesn't deserve to be your father either
Xiao Chen
Why didn't you die outside?
It's a good day that doesn't last for a thousand years
Daughter, have you forgotten
How have you been doing for the past 8 years?
Humiliated
Nine deaths
All that he has given
Bring him back now
Do you think you have to suffer for the rest of your life?
I came back to make up for the process
What do you take to make up for it?
Good youth
It's all wasted on your father
What do you make up for?
The best life for my daughter
Just don't show up in front of her again
Disappear forever
I asked me what happened.
Ouch, Mr. Lin
You guessed it, hurry up, hurry up.
Go go go oops nice
It's just a beggar coming to beg
We'll send him away right away
Ouch.
Isn't this the young clown of the Xiao family?
Ah, I ran away like a dog
There is still face to come back now
Do I know you?
It doesn't matter if you don't know me, go to Yuncheng
Who doesn't know the head-shrinking turtle master Xiao Dashuai
How dare you come out and pester the election now?
I think it wasn't enough to hurt him and you in the first place
I'm here today to make up for the mistakes I made back then
What does it have to do with you and me?
Boss, no one dares to talk to me like that
Do you know who it is?
Excuse me.
I'm interested in the names of garbage